Change overall structure (#35)
11michalis11/ED-EMS-game-paper: sections/literature_review/main.tex

queueing models together with game theoretic concepts.
In~\cite{FirmCompetition} the authors study a simultaneous price competition 
between two firms that are modelled as two distinct queueing systems with a 
fixed capacity and a combined arrival rate.
They calculate the Nash equilibrium both for identical and heterogeneous firms
and show that for the former a pure Nash equilibrium always exist and for the 
latter a unique equilibrium exists where only one firm operates.
The authors have also extended their model in~\cite{FirmCompetition2} by 
allowing the players (firms) to choose capacities. 
A main result from this paper was that when both firms operate independently as
a monopoly, the equilibria are socially optimal, but this is not the case when
the firms operate together.
Another extension of~\cite{FirmCompetition} was introduced 
in~\cite{FirmCompetitionExtension} where a long-run version of the competition 
was considered that also had capacity as a decision variable.
In~\cite{knight2017measuring} a normal form game is built that is informed by a 
two-dimensional Markov chain in order to model interactions between critical

> care units.

Reviewer: This feels out of place. Should be lower?

Reviewer 2: Yeah for sure. Will move it in the second paragraph

An additional paper that focuses on competition is~\cite{fan2009short} where
the authors created a competition between two sellers where seller 1 supplies 
a product instantly and seller 2 is modelled as a make-to-order M/M/1 queue.
The game that is played requires the two sellers to make a choice on the price 
of the product and then seller 2 to set a capacity that guarantees a maximum 
expected delay.
In this paper, while giving some consideration to equilibrium behaviour,
similar to the work of~\cite{FirmCompetition, FirmCompetition2}, emergent
behaviour is more precisely addressed by considering learning algorithms like
asymmetric replicator dynamics~\cite{fudenberg1998theory}.

> In the above models, the players are attempting to increase their share of 

Reviewer: This is not true of the PoA in public services paper: in that paper the players are the customers.

Reviewer 2: You mean `Selfish routing in public services`? Because I am not referring to that one here. I am speaking about the ones in the first paragraph

individuals choosing to queue.
In public healthcare type settings~\cite{knight2013selfish}, this is not 
necessarily the case. 

> Players might not necessarily aim to maximise the so called `market share'.
> Rather, the overall service needs to be considered as players aim to minimise
> their experienced congestion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rational usage of public services will not necessarily lead to a socially optimal outcome.
Rather, the overall service needs to be considered as players aim to minimise
their experienced congestion.
```

In~\cite{sadat2015can} a healthcare application was studied where patients 
could choose between two hospitals, where a utility function is derived that is
based on patients' perceived quality of life.

> How individual behaviour based on congestion impacts the efficiency of public 

Reviewer: This is a bit repetitive.

services is investigated in~\cite{knight2013selfish}.
The authors place the individuals' choices between different public services 
within the formulation of routing games and measure inefficiencies using a 
concept known as the price of anarchy (PoA)~\cite{koutsoupias1999worst}.

> They show that the price of anarchy increases with worth of service and that is

Reviewer: I would remove the earlier mention of this paper I think.

low for systems with insufficient capacities.
In~\cite{deo2011centralized} the authors study the network effect of ambulance 
diversion by proposing a non-cooperative game between two EDs that are modelled
as a queueing network.
Each ED's objective is to minimise its own waiting time and chooses a diversion
threshold based on the patients it has.
In equilibrium both EDs choose to divert ambulances in order to avoid getting
arrivals from the other ED.
In this paper this concept is extended by allowing the ambulance service to 

> decide how to distribute its patients among the two EDs.

Reviewer: I would more explicitly say how this paper is different:

**Players are both hospitals and customers of the hospitals. As opposed to the previous models which are one or the other. So the novelty in a way is combining both aspects.**

Another specific part of our research, as described later in the paper, is the 
construction of a queueing system with a tandem buffer and a single service

> centre.

Reviewer: This needs a connection sentence: so what are you about to describe below...
